Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ I've been stealin' ♪
♪ Time where I can get it from ♪
♪ And I've been losin' ♪
♪ The grip on what I used to hold ♪
♪ If I could get another chance ♪
♪ I'd put it in a ziploc bag ♪
♪ And keep it in my pocket ♪
♪ Keep it in my pocket ♪
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ When to start to blow it, would you ♪
♪ Show me ♪
♪ What I need to do before you ♪
♪ Hate me ♪
♪ I could never live with that, so ♪
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ Before you're better off without me ♪
♪ Well, I've been losin' ♪
♪ The grip on what I used to hold ♪
♪ I don't want you ♪
♪ To be better off without me ♪
♪ Better off without me ♪
♪ If I could get another chance ♪
♪ I'd put it in a ziploc bag ♪
♪ And keep it in my pocket ♪
♪ Keep it in my pocket ♪
Hut!
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ When I start to blow it, would you ♪
♪ Show me ♪
♪ What I need to do before you ♪
♪ Hate me ♪
♪ I could never live with that, so ♪
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ Before you're better off without me ♪
♪ Before you're better off without me ♪♪
Hike!
Martel!
Martel, you're a wimp!
I can't believe that!
Martel goes for a give-up slide!
He did look a little cautious.
I got one foot on the grave
and I could have scored on that!
That could be the last play of the season.
In case you haven't heard,
the players' strike became official
at 4 p.m. Eastern time.
I am very sad that the players' demands,
which center around a rise
in the current salary cap,
have been rejected by the owners.
Now, I have told my union brothers to walk.
Get me Jimmy McGinty.
Have him here tonight, huh?
Yes, sir.
I'm here with Washington
Quarterback Eddie Martel,
and, Eddie, there are a lot
of angry fans out there tonight
that feel the players are being
too greedy with their demands.
Anything you'd like to say to that?
Yeah, Dwight, look, I know 5 million a year
sounds like a lot of money,
but I have to pay 10% to my agent, 5%
to my lawyer. I've child support, alimony...
Do you have any idea what insurance
costs on a ferrari, mother--
Pat, back to you.
Okay, that was Washington
running back Malcolm Lamont.
You know, it's all about money, folks,
but, heck, isn't it always?
It usually is. This is Pat Summerall
for John Madden saying so long
from Nextel stadium.
- You look like shit.
- Well, I'm dying, Jimmy.
Come on.
You've been dying for 20 years.
Salut.
- Give me a cigarette.
- I quit.
Nobody likes a quitter, Jimmy.
- See the game today?
- Nah.
Why, you liar!
Could you believe that slide by Martel?
What a pussy!
- What's up?
- Take a ride with me, Jimmy.
How's the wife?
She had her lips donee.
I never even knew
you could have your lips done.
Looks like a large mountain bass.
Look, Jimmy, I'm too old to screw around.
Let me give it to you straight, huh?
I want you back.
- You already have a coach.
- Well, I'll take care of that.
- Yeah, like you took care of me.
- Now, Jimmy!
You don't have any players. They all flew home
to their castles in their private jets, remember?
Well, we're gonna finish the season anyway.
We're gonna use replacement players.
- Jeez, what a business.
- Well, we've got four games left.
We win three, we're in the playoffs.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Win three out of four
with replacement players?
- That's not too much to ask, is it?
- You won for me once, you can do it again.
What's the matter, Jimmy?
Look, nobody's gonna give you
a better chance than this.
After that Dallas mess.
- I was right about that.
- It had nothing to do with being right!
You went head to head with
an $8 million quarterback.
Who the hell did you think was gonna win?
But that's not gonna happen here.
I'm talking about a team of
poor nobodies who play to win.
Not a bunch of bitchy millionaires!
Come on, Jimmy!
I'm thinking.
Hello!
I want total control of my team.
I wanna be able to recruit anybody
that I want, no interference.
My word is my bond.
I want it in writing.
Okay, Jimmy.
Okay.
Well, we thought we'd skip
special teams for the moment.
It's gonna be tough enough just putting an offense
and a defense together in less than a week.
- We're gonna go a different way.
- Different way?
Here's a list of people I've been
keeping my eye on over the years.
They've all played football somewhere.
Not all of them in the pros,
but they all have something
unique to bring to the game.
We're gonna take those people
and try to put together a winning team.
If nothing else, they should be fun to watch.
Daniel Bateman, S.W.A.T. team officer.
Awarded a purple heart for losing
a kidney during the gulf war.
Yeah!
He was a walk-on at Michigan state
before he gave up football
to sneak back in the service
for one more tour of duty.
Clifford Franklin.
Great attitude, great desire,
and the fastest son of a bitch I've ever seen.
Hey! Clifford! Twinkie!
What's up, man? Got any twinkies?
But can he catch?
That's why I have you, Leo.
André and Jamal Jackson.
Together, these guys were the best
tandem team of guards in the game.
Hello. Who is it? You're kidding me!
André got traded, and they both fell apart.
B.F.D., bro. He ain't our problem no more.
We gonna play football.
- Football?
- Football.
Nigel Gruff. A striker out of Cardiff,
now residing in Hell's Kitchen.
They call him "the leg", because he can kick a
soccer ball the entire length of the field and score.
Gentlemen...
The drinks are on the house!
- Oh, bollocks.
- Hey!
- Pissing away our money again, huh, Nigel?
- No, no, no, no.
- The money's on the way.
- Yeah, on the way where, to the O.T.B.?
Listen, I got a line on a horse.
It's a winner. I swear on my mum's grave.
Your what? Your mother's grave?
Vito, listen to this guy.
He's swearing on his mother's grave now.
Nigel, listen to me. I want my money!
- Has he kept in shape?
- By Welsh standards.
Shane Falco.
Shane Falco?
Footsteps Falco from Ohio state?
The same.
- He hasn't played in years.
- Should be well rested then.
You look like a swordfish I caught once.
Yeah, he hit the deck just like that.
- You know who I am?
- Yeah.
Jimmy Mcginty.
That old coach from the 80s.
And we met just before the Sugar Bowl.
I remember.
Hell of a game, that Sugar Bowl.
- What'd you lose that by, 40 points?
- That would be 45.
Sometimes a game like that, really
sticks with you. You never shake it off.
- Got three concussions to prove it.
- That's why girls don't play the game.
Why are you here, coach?
I'm back with the Sentinels.
I want you to quarterback.
I found the best guards available
to protect you and a wide receiver
even you couldn't overthrow.
- I'm retired.
- Retired?
Well, it looks like things have
gone real well for you since.
I got no complaints.
It's quiet here.
Nobody bothers me.
Well, that's the great thing about plankton,
you know, it pretty much keeps to itself.
You know what separates
the winners from the losers, kid?
The score.
Getting back up on that horse
after been kicked in the teeth.
I've watched films of your game
since the Sugar Bowl.
You should have been carrying a clipboard
that first year, not trying to carry the whole team.
Your teammates leaned on you,
and you crumbled.
- Is that how you want to be remembered?
- I don't want to be remembered at all.
You're still young. If you do well, who knows
what 'll happen once the strike ends.
I'm not gonna make you any promises, Shane,
but why don't you take a chance, huh?
Rather than hang out here scraping crap
off the bottom of somebody else's toys?
Think it over.
Could be part of something.
I am down here in our nation's capital,
to remind the football fans that
what these owners are doing
is absolutely unconscionable.
They have blatantly gone out
and hired scabs.
Which goes against all the principles
of our Constitution,
and the Declaration of Independence,
and the Emancipation Proclamation as well.
And, here come the scabs now!
Hey, that's Eddie Martel!
Hey, that's Wilson Carr!
Hey, Wilson, I love you, man!
Hey, what's happening?
Hey, I love you, man!
I'm gonna bust a cap in your ass
and in your ass!
Piss off!
Get that bible out of here!
Sorry. Sorry, lads. Sorry about this.
We are all from god!
I'm very sorry. Sorry.
Hey, forget you!
Get a job, you wankers!
Hell, yeah!
Looking good out there, kid!
You got the goods, baby.
You got the goods!
Where in the hell did you learn
to catch like that?
Roberts, make that D-back commit
before you cut, all right?
Jimmy...
- My tight end is deaf.
- Yeah, l know.
Jimmy, how am I gonna coach a deaf man?
You won't need to.
Brian Murphy would have gone in the first round
5 years ago, if he hadn't been born deaf.
Played his college ball
right here in D.C., Gallaudet.
But, Jimmy, I got to be able
to communicate with him, and how...
- Learn to sign, you know.
- Oh, horseshit!
Look at it this way. He'll never be
called offsides on an audible.
- Hey, coach.
- Hey, Nigel. Good to see you.
- Good to see you.
- How are you?
- Good, good.
- Great.
This is "The Leg"?
I thought you told me he was solid muscle.
Well, he's much stronger than he looks.
I'm wiry.
Go get some kicks in.
He's wiry.
Wiry.
Well, I'm sure that you've been briefed
as to your situation here.
Coach Mcginty has requested you be
turned over to us for the next 5 weeks,
and the governor has been
kind enough to comply.
- You know...
- Nice watch.
What? Oh, this?
lt's a fake. Damn thing's always broken.
It's only right twice a day.
Well, why don't we go ahead
and join the others, shall we?
No sense staying here, now,
by ourselves out of screaming distance.
Come on, let's fire out of there.
Fire out of there!
Hey, Jimmy. Falco... When is he coming?
Relax, Leo. He'll be here.
Come on, quick feet, quick feet!
You know, I am relaxed. That's not the point.
I mean... No, no, it's nervous energy.
Hey, case in point,
we don't have a quarterback, do we?
- Fire out of there. Fire out!
- And we don't have a game plan for Sunday.
And the only good thing I can say
about our one offensive weapon is...
It's wiry! What the shit is that?
No, no, no, it's wiry.
- Well, however the hell you say it!
- Say it: "Wiry".
- Wiry.
- Holy... Look at this mamma-jamma!
Have you lost weight?
Come on, coach, don't say that.
No, you look great.
Why don't you work out on the... [Japanese]?
- So he's lost weight?
- Sumo wrestler.
Expert at pushing people around.
That's what pass blocking is, remember?
That's right, yeah.
All right, next one, 74, come on!
Set! Hut! Keep your butt down!
All right! Way to go!
It's all about pushing people around!
Set! Hut!
Drive, drive, drive, drive, drive, drive!
All right, here's the coach's boy. Come on,
sumo boy. Let's see what you can do.
Set! Hut!
Yes! Good hit, sumo boy!
Now get this off of me!
That'll do, pig, That'll do.
- Screw you, cockroach.
- You'll have to find your dick first, Shamu.
Get this off of me, sumo boy!
- Hey, scab!
- What's up, sweet cheeks?
- I don't want any trouble.
- Oh, you guys hear that?
He's taking away my job,
but he doesn't want any trouble.
Not only is he taking your job,
he's taking your parking space, too.
What's up?
Is that right, Falco?
I didn't know it was yours. I'll move it.
No, let us do that for you.
Guys, move the new boy's ride for him.
Coming right up, Mr. Falco.
Ready, fellas?
One, two, three!
Thanks, guys.
Assholes!
Jesus! Footsteps Falco!
They must really be getting desperate.
Hey, Falco!
You're not even a "has been".
You're a "never was"!
Go!
Come on, let's pick it up.
Bateman! Bateman!
Form a line here! Come on, form a line!
Let's go 7 on 7.
Check it out, y'all. It's our new quarterback.
Jimmy, we're in business now.
- You're late.
- Car trouble.
You still got an arm?
Hey, Falco.
Go!
That's gonna leave a mark.
- Leo, Franklin's down again.
- Oh, I'm okay.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
Let's play some football!
Yeah.
4-22 split drive on go. Ready!
- Ready!
- 3-30. 3-30.
Hut!
- Danny Bateman.
- Shane Falco.
Nice pop, Danny.
Thanks, coach.
In practice, we don't hit the fellows
with the red shirts on.
I know, coach, but I see that red, I just
wanna go after it like a bull, you know!
- Okay, Danny.
- Huddle up!
Hey.
I want you to get used to setting up
on the run. Move fast, think even faster.
- You'll live a lot longer.
- I'm very interested in that.
Huddle up!
- Hey! Shane Falco.
- Hey.
I lost a ton of money on that
Sugar Bowl disaster of yours.
What a bloody shambles that was.
You could smell the stink
all the way back in Wales.
Nice meeting you.
♪ If you need some transportation ♪
♪ From a world of tribulation ♪
♪ Tell me your destination ♪
♪ I'll be, I'll be your ride ♪
♪ If you're out of inspiration ♪
♪ All you feel is desperation ♪
♪ Consider this an invitation ♪
♪ I'll be, I'll be your ride ♪
Ready!
♪ We'll get a runnin' start ♪
♪ And we'll take to the sky, baby ♪
♪ Ride ♪
♪ Keep your hands on the wheel ♪
♪ And your eyes on the prize ♪
Hut!
♪ And ride ♪
Oh, shit! I forgot about the whole red
shirt thing. This game's confusing, man.
Remember...
Red means stop.
Like a streetlight, right?
- Yeah.
- Get on up.
Go ahead. I'm just gonna lie here
a moment and collect my thoughts.
Work shit out, right?
♪ I'll be, I'll be your ride ♪
- You should be glad he's on your side.
- Yeah.
♪ And your eyes on the prize ♪
♪ And ride ♪
♪ And ride ♪♪
- So, you have a cheer or something?
- Uh-huh.
- Uh-huh, are you ready?
# Let's hear it for the quarterback
Hey-hey, ho-ho #
# Could anyone play better?
Say-say, no-no#
# Tackle, tackle, tackle, tackle
Tack, tack, tack #
# Show those other boys
what they lack, lack, lack #
# If I gave you a dollar,
you could keep most of the change #
# 'Cause all I really want is a quarterback #
# California oranges
Texas cactus #
# We think your team
Needs a little practice #
# Fit 'em in a highchair
Feed 'em with a spoon #
# roll 'em up in toilet paper
Kick 'em to the moon #
- That was great, thank you.
- Thank you.
Can you dance?
So what's up up in here?
Hey, girl.
- Let me have that duck salt over there, man.
- Man, they ain't got no Kool-Aid.
- What the hell is this?
- Chinese spareribs.
You don't want 'em,
get the fuck out of here.
I'm trying to figure out
how the Chinaman over here
gets 700 pounds off eating this shit.
I'm Japanese, not Chinese.
- Same difference.
- What?
It's the same difference!
All that big...
Niggah, please.
You do know Japan and China
are two different countries, right?
- You do know I got a atlas, bitch.
- Really, gangster?
Yeah.
Come on, lads! Hey, we're on the same team!
We're on the same team! Now chill out!
- The mick's right.
- I'm not a mick. I'm bloody Welsh!
Whatever.
- Man, I'm going to sit with the deaf kid.
- Jesus Christ!
Praise His glory, Nigel!
You praise His glory.
# Slash 'em, slash 'em, cut 'em down #
# Smear their blood all over town #
# Punch 'em, hit 'em, make it last #
# Come on, boys, let's kick some ass #
I played one game in the pros,
and I blew out my knee, and that was it.
- Oh, shit.
- Yeah.
All I wanna do is score one touchdown
before I hang up my pads, and that is it.
You'll get it.
Hey, man.
Wilkinson! Earl Wilkinson!
Boy, I knew I recognized you, man! I knew it!
You played for Minnesota, baby!
Oh, shit! Earl Wilkinson, man! Oh, my God!
Boy, you'd have been All-Pro, if you hadn't
beaten those cops and gone to jail.
What l had meant to say was allegedly...
allegedly beat up them cops,
and because...
a good Christian boy like you
would never do nothing like that.
That's right.
The way I heard it, my man
didn't even do nothing anyway!
Them cops are just jealous of the black man.
You hear what I'm saying?
My boy been living large!
I can't stand the cops. Know what I'm saying?
I better not see a cop! Shit!
- I'll whup a cop's ass. You can believe that.
- I'm a cop.
Look!
Bundt cake!
- Look at all these yummy little monkeys.
- Hello.
Oh, hey.
-Hi.
-Hello.
You... Yeah.
So, are you Heather and Dawn?
- Yup, we sure are.
- This is great!
I can't tell you how excited I am that I actually
have some girls with some dance experience!
You don't know.
- I'm excited, too.
- I know! God, me, too, too.
So, Heather, you were in "Cats",
which is, I can't tell you, so terrific.
Oh, no. You know... "Pussycats".
You know the club next to the airport?
# Pussycats #
- Oh, oh!
- Yeah, yeah.
- So that style of dancing that would...
- Is lap-dancing a style?
No. I mean...
Oh, my god! I forgot to tell you something.
What?
Oh, she always foes that.
Well, I've seen all I need to see.
No way! Oh, my God, l'm so excited!
Go suit up.
- Go down the tunnel and to the left.
- Okay. - Yeah.
Hey, if you guys have any friends down
at the club, would you send them over?
- Sure.
- Yeah, absolutely.
- Where are you going, Number 48?
- Wherever you want me!
- Hey.
I was watching you today.
You looked good.
Good release, strong arm.
You're gonna do fine.
- Thanks.
- I'm Annabelle Farrell.
- Shane Falco.
- I know.
I remember you from that
'96 Sugar Bowl game.
Didn't anybody have anything
better to do that day?
You should get some of your teammates
to help you turn this back over.
Yeah, I was thinking I'd call
AAA later or something.
- Do you want a lift?
- Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, that would be great. Thanks.
Why were you staying in the pocket
at practice today?
Normally, I would never comment
to a quarterback about his style,
but you need to keep scrambling against Detroit,
especially with Prescott back in the lineup.
- Prescott hasn't crossed.
- He's going to on Sunday.
They're keeping it quiet,
so you don't have time to prepare.
How do you know that?
A friend of mine's a cheerleader
for Detroit. She tipped me off.
Since Prescott's a left-sided linebacker,
shotgun formation and roll right.
No, Van Gundy's on the right.
I know. He's been All-Pro 2 years in a row,
but one of my cheerleaders
is friends with a girl whose sister
just broke up with Van Gundy.
She says he's been on a drinking
binge ever since she left him.
- Yeah?
- He's hungover!
He's a good second slower
off the snap than usual.
So I should stick to the right side.
Unless what they say about Martinez is true.
- That was fun.
- This is great. You live out here?
Which one's yours?
Yt's over here. You see that
white yacht with the satellite dish?
I'm the old houseboat next to it,
covered in seagull shit.
- So what did you name her?
- Phyxius.
- Phyxius. What does that mean?
- "Putting to fight".
You wanna come onboard for a beer?
Nothing personal, Shane,
but I don't date football players.
I don't blame you.
Not even quarterbacks?
Especially not quarterbacks.
You guys are the biggest babies of all.
The biggest babies?
Yeah.
- Thanks for the ride.
- Good luck on Sunday.
- Be careful out there.
- I will.
Shane.
What are you up to?
Just...
...watching the game.
Nervous?
No, I'm... I'm good.
You' re like a duck on a pond.
On the surface, everything looks calm, but...
beneath the water, those little feet
are just churning a mile a minute.
You'll be fine.
You just have to find a way to
lead your team, earn their respect.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
Me?
I'm just another duck on the pond.
Hey, coach, can I ask you a question?
- Yeah. shoot.
- Why me?
I look at you, and I see two men.
The man you are,
the man you ought to be.
Someday, those two will meet.
Should make for a hell of a football player.
Get some sleep, kiddo.
You're playing professional
football tomorrow.
Welcome to Nextel stadium
in our nation's capital.
I'm Pat Summerall, and with me,
as always, is John Madden.
Detroit went out and bought an entire
semi-pro team once the strike happened.
Washington management
is going with a bunch of unknowns.
Although we'll probably see
a few guys we know today.
Like Shane Falco,
that talented college quarterback
who fell out of sight after a disastrous
showing in the Sugar Bowl.
There's my man. Having a little
snacky-food before the game, are you?
- It does a body good.
- You are one crazy son of a bitch.
- Huh?
- Yeah.
- You know how I know that?
- How?
'Cause only a crazy son of a bitch
would eat eggs before a game!
Come on, coach, gimme a break.
I need to bulk up. You want one?
- No!
- It's good for you.
All right, Sentinels, listen up.
Welcome to professional football.
There are some who will say
that your accomplishments today
will soon be forgotten, that you're not
real players, that this isn't a real team.
And I say that is bullshit!
Because as of today,
you're all professional football players.
You're being paid to play,
and I want you to remember that because...
the men whose places you've taken
forgot that a long time ago.
- All right, let's bring it in here.
- Bring it in, guys.
Let's play some football!
- D.C.
- Hooray!
For some of these players,
this is another shot.
And a last shot for a guy like Falco.
Remember that beating he took
from Florida state, John?
Oh, yeah. But that's nothing compared to some
of those beatings that he took up there in Seattle.
One thing we do know
is that Falco can take a hit.
Well, I'll tell you,h e sure as heck
had a lot of practice at it.
Ladies and gentlemen,
your Washington Sentinels!
- Did you see that?
- Wow, that's a pretty good hit.
Will the medical trainers
please report to the east tunnel?
Maybe he was a little overanxious, huh?
And now, the rest of the
Washington Sentinels!
Kickoff!
- Offense, let's go! Let's go!
- Let's go! Hustle out there, guys!
There can only be one leader out there,
all right? You be it.
- That's where I stand, man.
- No, it's not, man.
- Come on, man, that's my spot in the huddle.
- It's not.
- Get your spot, bro!
- Let's go, chopstick!
Let's play some football!
What do you say?
- It's my spot now!
- Not for long, you tub of rice!
Hey, hold on. What's the problem here?
You ain't kickin' jack shit!
- Pork rice!
- I'm Japanese, not Chinese!
Hey, man, don't be messin' with my brother!
What the heck's goin' on down there?
I don't know. Something seems
to be going on in the huddle.
Falco's on his back.
- Come on!
- They haven't run a play yet, and Falco's down.
He got hit with a left hook by his own guy!
He was looking at his earhole
for a minute. This isn't a good sign.
- What happened? Am I hurt already?
- Your partner knocked your head off.
Let's go, buddy.
Come on, Shane, get it together!
Washington penalty, delay of game.
I'm the quarterback. I'm the only one
that's supposed to talk in the huddle.
- But he was in my spot, Shane.
- I don't give a shit!
Now huddle up.
Hey!
If you've got something to say,
raise your hand.
Is that understood?
Suppose, like, you don't feel good
or you're hurt, or something.
Then tell me before the huddle starts. Okay?
- Right.
- Okay, here we go.
D.C. right, switch, 25 blast. It's up...
What?
- That's to the left, right?
- No, that's to the right.
It's to the left!
All right, Shane, you got to be quiet,
or they gonna hear us, and then what?
I'm not blocking to nobody's defense.
Delay of game!
Number 16 on the offense. 5 yards.
Well, Pat, so far the Sentinels
have minus 10 yards offensively.
I've seen monkey shit fights at the zoo
that were more organized than this.
D.C. Right, pro, 4-24 tomahawk,
on one, on one. Ready?
Ready?
Green 22!
I'm coming for you, Footsteps!
Hut! Hut!
Come on, Shane! Come on!
You could hear Falco's fillings
drop all the way up here, Pat!
And Detroit will take over the football
with excellent field position.
- Give me an S!
- S!
- Give me an E!
- E!
- Give me an N!
- N!
- Give me a T!
- T!
Give me an...
- l!
- Fumble recovery. First down Detroit.
- We'll get 'em next time, Shane.
Get them! Get it!
- Bring it in, team!
- Eagle over cover 4!
On three, get ready!
Bateman was all comin' out all day!
All day, blue eyes!
It's Christmas morning,
and Santa's coming down the chimney!
Ready!
I'm gonna bury your family!
- Cadillac 55!
- I'm gonna bury your dog!
Check! Check!
Now that's football!
You get it?! You get it?! You like it?!
I think the Sentinels just set a record
for penalties in the first 3 minutes.
- We're still waiting for the stats on that.
- Personal foul.
- Number 56 on defense.
- Bullshit!
Half the distance to the goal.
Bateman on that one, Pat,
that was just a cheap shot.
That should be worse than a penalty.
They're running up the middle too much.
They're walking right through us.
Touchdown Detroit!
Oh, honey, don't worry about it.
Let's go!
Double slot zag, 88...
- What?
- I don't feel too good.
- Come on, suck it up, huh?
- Come on!
Jesus Christ.
- Eggs!
- That's right!
Jesus!
What did you eat, man?
Shane, we gots to move, man.
If we don't move, I'm gonna blow chow, too.
We're in a huddle here.
Double slot zag, 88 slide...
Jesus!
- Goddamn!
- Hey, I tried to tell you, man.
I can't be around somebody puking,
or I start puking.
Shit.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay!
On three...
everyone move left.
Ready! Hut, hut, hut.
What the hell is that?
What the shit?
John, how many years
we've been calling games together?
- 19, I think.
- Ever see anything like that?
Not on a football field.
- Leo, what the hell are your guys doing out there?
- Beats the hell out of me.
Look at it this way. It's the first thing
we've done together as a team.
- Hey!
- Clean it up! Let's go!
Break!
Ready! Blue 42!
Blue 42!
Hut!
Pass complete to number 34,
Walter Cochran.
First down Washington.
- Was it out of bounds?
- Yes, on 23.
23!
- Blue right 60, x-post.
Let's go! Let's go!
Gold 44! Hut!
Yo, now we rollin'! Now we rollin'!
Signs of life from Washington here, John.
Yeah, well, that last completion by Falco
puts them back in field goal range.
- Field goal, let's go, let's go!
- Field goal.
Nigel! Nigel!
It's over the bar, not under. Okay?
Go get 'em.
- Hold that, wheezy.
- And here comes the field goal team.
This will be about a 40-yard attempt
for kicker Nigel Gruff against the wind.
And here's a guy from Wales, and he's
out there kicking his first field goal ever.
This is a tough distance.
Yes! Yeah, she's there! She's there!
Boom! Boom!
Nigel Gruff's kick is good.
Halftime score: Washington 3, Detroit 14.
That's the second time tonight
a Washington player has been
- knocked out by his own teammate.
- You know, there's a rule in sports.
"Don't do anything great,
if you can't handle the congratulations."
- There is?
- Yup.
- Give me an S!
- S!
- Give me an E!
- E!
- Give an N!
- N!
- Give me a T!
- T!
Give me a...
Watch the wheel! Watch the wheel!
All right! All right, let's go! Let's go, let's go!
Touchdown Smith. John, that one gets
the Sentinelsback into the ball game.
I'll tell you, this guy is a heck of a player.
I don't know him.
According to the Sentinels here,
it says Ray Smith is...
Hey, that's weird!
No college given, no high school.
It just says he's been a resident
of the state of Maryland
for that last 2 years and 2 months
and he likes... to embroider.
- He does some fancy work with the ball, all right.
- Weird, man!
Ready!
Green 11!
Green 11! Hut!
Falco's sacked, and the ball comes loose.
It's Detroit's ball with only a minute
remaining in the game.
- Fumble recovery. First down Detroit.
- Let's go! Let's go!
- Let's get some!
- Danny, Danny, Danny!
- I need that ball. Get me the ball.
- You need the ball.
- Get me the ball.
- Get you the ball.
- Are you gonna get me the ball?
- I'm gonna get you the ball!
I want that ball! I want that ball!
You go get it!
I hope he doesn't kill somebody.
I'm back! I'm back!
Get the ball!
I got it!
Now that is all-Madden team.
- You're the man!
- I'm the man!
- You got me the ball!
- I got you the ball!
- You got the ball!
- I got the ball!
- You got me the ball!
- I got you the ball!
- Go sit down now, Danny.
- Okay.
Number 56 Daniel Bateman
recovers the ball.
- Falco!
- First down Washington.
Okay, we got to pass, all right?
It's got to be in the end zone.
D.C. Right, zig, 90 eagle. Eagle.
You can do this, now, come on.
All right? Let's do it. Come on!
On 2, on 2. Ready!
Ready!
- Blue 25!
- Here comes the pain, baby!
Blue 25!
- Check, check!
- What are you doing?
Check!
- Pump back, pump back.
- Black 32!
- What does that mean?
- He's changing the play, listen.
He's checking off to run. I told him to pass.
Black 32!
Shit!
Hut! Hut!
Falco calls an audible
at the line of scrimmage,
and Cochran nearly takes it in
for a touchdown.
What a heartbreaker for Washington.
- Final score: Washington 10, Detroit 14.
- Shane!
If I'd have wanted Cochran to have
that ball, I would have called it that way.
- I read blitz.
- Bullshit!
I put the game in your hands.
You got scared.
I read blitz.
Winners always want the ball
when the game's on the line.
This is W.F.A.N., the sports fan's show
for Greater D.C. You're on the line.
How do you feel about that strike?
Now, the only ones getting
screwed are the fans.
Now, I got season tickets to the Sents
that I can't give away!
Okay, so what? You're not gonna
check out these replacement players?
What for? They're a bunch of nobodies!
# First I was afraid
I was petrified #
# Kept thinkin' I could never live
without you by my side #
Man, why you play that dumb-ass song?
I put on "The Commodores".
That shit just came on.
Can somebody please cut that bullshit off?
Hey, we did the best we can do.
That's all we can do.
You don't get points for trying.
Let's face it, boys,
we screwed the pooch today.
Hey, there they are!
Ladies and gentlemen,
your Washington Sentinels!
Hell, he's the luckiest guy here.
At least he couldn't hear the booing today.
Hello! Anyone home?
Did I hear an echo?
Hey, Rainman, where'd Mcginty get you,
the Special Olympics?
No wonder they couldn't win the game
today. He can't even order a drink!
Hey, Shane.
- Lay off.
- Lighten up, Falco.
- It's not like he can hear what I'm saying.
- I can.
What's that say?
"There's one good thing about being deaf.
It makes it easy to ignore the assholes."
You... asshole.
That's funny.
- Hey, man.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
It's cool, it's cool, it's cool, it's cool.
- You had enough?
- Do you believe this?
You got balls, Falco. You got shit
for brains, but you got balls.
Thank you.
Hey!
Danny! Remember what I told you
about red shirts in practice?
- Yeah.
- Forget about it.
- Okay.
- Martel.
Who's the man?! Who's the man?!
Come on! Come on!
Come on! Come on! Stop!
Let's play football, bitch.
We are all god's children here, please!
"And deliver thee
into the hands of brutish men"!
Ezekiel 21:31.
Same old bullshit.
I think it'd be more of a homecoming for you.
Oh, now all of a sudden
you gonna be a funny man?
Hey, Bateman, Wilkinson!
Hey, come on, guys, what are you doing?
Come on, can't we all just get along?
Come on.
What I want to know,
why are we the only ones in this jail?
- It's simple. They're winners.
- Hell, no. Not tonight.
That was pretty sweet the way
you sat on Wilson's head, Jumbo.
Thanks, Jamal.
Fumiko wasn't the only one that
kicked some ass tonight, was he?
Oh, you're the man tonight, Clifford Franklin!
- What?
- You were hiding behind the jukebox.
Wasn't he?
Hey, man...
At first, I admit, I was afraid.
- Shit, I was petrified.
- You were petrified?
Thinking I could never live
without you by my side.
- The Lord is by your side.
- Have mercy.
And then I spent so many nights
thinking how you did me wrong.
A¤d I grew strong.
You know I hate this damn song.
# I learned how to get along
and so you're back #
# From outer space #
# I just walked in to find you here
with that sad look upon your face #
# I should have changed that stupid lock
I should have made you leave your key #
# If I'd have known for just one second
you'd be back to bother me #
# Go on, now, go #
# Walk out the door #
# Just turn around now #
# 'Cause you're not welcome anymore #
You remember this here?
# Weren't you the one that tried
to hurt me with good-bye? #
# You think I'd crumble? #
# You think I'd lay down and die #
# Oh, no, not I
I will survive #
# As long as I know how to love
I know how to stay alive #
# I've got all my life to live
And I've got all my love to give #
# And I'll survive
I will survive #
# Hey, hey! #
# It took all the strength I had
Not to fall apart #
# Kept trying hard to mend
the pieces of my broken heart #
# And I spent, oh, so many nights
just feelin' sorry for myself #
# I used to cry
And now I hold my head up high #
# And you see me #
Franklin.
Oh, shit.
I want you to know that if anything
like this bar fight happens again,
there'll be no place on the football team
for any of you!
- Do I make myself perfectly clear?
- Yes, sir.
And just for the record...
I would've loved to have been there
to see Martel get his ass kicked.
All right, come on, let's get out of here.
Hey, Shane.
- Hey!
- What are you doing?
My job.
- You're a professional football player.
- Sure. This week.
But when that's all over, you know...
I'll be back here.
I don't want to lose my customers.
Well, I was on my way to work.
I thought maybe you might need a ride.
Oh, I'm good.
- I got my truck back.
- How is it?
Flatter. But it runs.
And you? How are you
running after last night?
You heard about that?
Yeah. I think the whole
town heard about that.
Is that from the game or from the fight?
I'm not sure. It's all kind of blurred
into one big beating.
The good news is,
you guys got into a rhythm out there.
Apart from that vomiting thing,
which was on "Sportscenter" by the way.
Oh, God!
But after that, the team was really clicking.
Yeah, it was starting to come together.
Yeah.
- You want to sit down?
- No, I should go.
- Thanks for coming by.
- Yeah.
What?
Jesus!
- Oh, it looks worse than it feels.
- Oh, it looks like hell.
- Oh, then it looks exactly like it feels.
- Oh, here, I've...
"Wild yam"?
Yeah.
Don't laugh, it works. It's great
for sore muscles and bruises and...
- I use it all the time.
- You don't have to do that.
Are you gonna put it on?
You can barely move.
Okay, now, this is going to be a little bit...
- Cold!
- Sorry, sorry.
Here, on your shoulders.
Better?
Better.
You know, you're the first player
I can remember who seems
to care more about his teammates
than he does himself.
And that's something that this team's
been missing for a really long time.
It's a good thing you did last night.
It was stupid.
Thanks.
- I'm gonna to be late for work.
- You got practice?
No, actually, I have work.
We only make 50 bucks a game,
so we got to pay the bills, right?
Mac's, down on "A" street.
Come in. I'll buy you a beer.
All right. I'll do that.
Okay.
Keep putting that yam on.
Guys!
You got to be kidding.
Come on, Martel, I didn't park in your space.ace.
No, no, no.
But unfortunately you did park
in Lamont's space.
He's not nearly as lenient as I am.
On three, fellas.
One, two, three!
- We got this. We got this.
- Y'all want to put the car back?
This is none of your business, gentlemen.
Shane's our business.
- We're the guards.
- And we protect our quarterback.
This is funny to these bozos.
You got a joke? You got a joke?
That's your ride right there, ain't it?
Yeah.
- That's my windshield, you crazy mother...
- Put the car back!
Son of a bitch!
Son of a...
Oh, son of a bitch! Oh, l'm a son
of a bitch? Son of a bitch?!
Stop, stop, stop!
All right, come on, goddamn it, help me!
You're gonna pay for this!
No, I'm not. And stop messing
with my man. That includes his ride.
Matter of fact, wax that motherfucker.
Give it a tune-up, too.
Ready to go to practice, Shane?
Yeah, let's do that. Yeah.
- How's that arm?
- Good.
- What's that smell?
- Wild yam.
- Mm. That's nice.
- You like that?
Watch yourself, Shane.
And so, boys and girls,
if anybody does have any firearms,
you need to turn those in
as soon as possible.
No questions asked, now.
Understood?
All right.
Okay, coach, it's all yours.
Nigel. Nigel.
Last sunday, I saw a team on the field play
as hard as they could to win a football game.
We lost. Not because of effort or desire,
but because of lack of leadership, lack of trust.
One of those issues has been resolved.
But leadership means nothing,
if a team doesn't believe in each other.
Players spend years together
before they develop trust in one another.
I'm asking you to do it in a week.
Not a reasonable request, but...
these aren't reasonable times.
Now, I know you all have concerns
about this Sunday.
But a real man...
...admits his fears.
That's what I'm asking you to do here tonight.
Who wants to start?
Fears, let's talk about them.
Fears. Fears.
I'm scared of spiders, coach.
- That's not what I meant.
- Me, too, coach. I'm afraid of spiders, too, coach.
Yeah. Goddamn spiders freak me, too, fellas.
Well, I didn't mean that, though.
What I'm talking about--
Especially in your bed, man. Ever get one
of those spiders crawling up your arm, man?
- And they be crawling on you?
- Damn!
Thanks, Jumbo. You can just
rock me to sleep tonight.
Okay, that's great, but that's
not what I'm talking about.
What l'm talking about is
what scares us on the field.
What do you mean?
Like spiders on the field?
Can we get beyond the spiders, please?
Bees.
Bees?
- Bees?!
- Bees.
Yeah, l don't know about them bees.
Anybody here afraid of anything
other than insects? Huh?
Come on!
Quicksand.
Oh, shit, yeah!
Hey, quicksand's a scary mother, man.
I mean, first of all, it suck you right in,
and even if you scream,
- you get all that muck in your mouth--
- All right, all right.
I don't think that's what Shane
had in mind, Franklin.
Huh?
That's not what he had in mind.
- What you talking about then, coach?
- Well, why don't you ask him?
Hey, what's up, Shane?
You're playing...
And you think everything is going fine,
but then one thing goes wrong.
And then another...
And another...
And you try to fight back, but the harder
you fight, the deeper you sink,
till you can't move.
You can't breathe.
Because you're in over your head.
Like quicksand.
That's deep shit, Shane.
That's some deep shit!
Anything else you're afraid of?
- Going back to the mini-mart.
- The shipping yard.
The auto plant.
Prison.
Yeah, all right.
The truth is, you guys
have been given something
that every athlete dreams of...
A second chance.
And you're afraid of blowing it.
We all are.
We all are, but now our fear is shared
and we can overcome it together.
Let's lose that fear this Sunday
and put it into San Diego!
Come on!
There's another vicious hit
by the All-Pro Hank Morris.
That's his third of the game.
It's just me, dickhead.
I tell you, he is really putting
a hurt on Falco, Pat.
I'm not sure how much more
of this abuse he can take.
Huddle up! Huddle up!
Second and 10.
Same play. Except let Morris by.
Nobody touch him.
- What?!
- It's 16-0 already!
I said let him through!
On 2, on 2. Ready. Break!
Get some penetration, Morris!
Get some penetration!
Blue 80!
Hut, hut!
Now, that is a hit!
- Holy shit!
- Let's haul ass, round boy!
Follow me! Follow me!
Holy shit! Holy shit!
Go!
Jump on his back!
Here it comes! I'm coming through!
Fumiko scores! Fumiko scores!
I love to see a fat guy score.
Why?
Well, because you get a fat guy spike,
and then you get a fat guy dance.
- Pork rice!
- Yeah!
I don't remember that from the play book.
- Yeah.
- Maybe we should put it in.
Kickoff!
So, Annabelle, what do you,
like, think of our friends?
I think...
...they're friendly.
I know. Aren't they?
Yeah.
We'll stretch them.
We'll stretch them right here.
Green 95!
Green....
Green...
...95!
What the hell?
Start the ball! Get the ball off!
Hold the play clock.
Start the ball on the play clock.
Hut!
Oh, shit!
False start on the offense.
Number 72, number 77, number 60,
number 61, number 87 and number 53.
Yeah.
Five yards. Still first down.
That's bullshit! The one girl slapped
the other girl on the ass, Jimmy!
You're killing me!
You want to see mine?
Baby, l got something for you.
- Here we go!
- Don't throw it!
No! No! No!
Tackle him!
Damn it! They did it again!
Ray Smith with the interception.
First down, Washington.
- Nice going!
- You are killing me!
- Defense, get out there!
- Let's go!
Stop them from shaking their ass
for two minutes!
- 98 shake.
- 98 shake, come on!
Green 99!
Hut!
Blitz! Blitz!
- Not bad, Falco.
- Yeah!
Touchdown, Brian Murphy!
Well, it's safe to say that everybody
in the stadium knows
that an on-side kick is coming
with 55 seconds left on the clock.
Now with just 55 seconds left,
Washington has to recover the ball,
call a time-out real fast, so that Gruff
will have a shot at a field goal.
Big ol' Bateman ends up with the ball!
Danny, go down!
No one's gonna tackle him!
He's reversing his field!
Maybe he forgot the clock's running out.
He's trying to run out the clock.
Danny, go down!
You're using up the clock, Danny!
- There is something you won't see every day.
- You're right about that!
Nice hit, Shane! Nice hit!
What do you think?
We got time for one play.
We don't stop the clock, it's over.
Give me a chance, boss. I'm bored.
You're looking at a 65-yard
field goal here, Nigel.
You just hold it, Shane,
and I'll kick the bloody piss out of it.
- What the hell.
- What the hell!
Field goal!
McGinty's gonna let Gruff try
this field goal from 65 yards out!
I don't know if he has enough leg.
I think that guy's smoking on the field!
Smoking?
I'm sure you just imagined that, John.
No, no, I saw it!
I saw the smoke and everything.
Laces out!
- Hey, Vito, look who's on TV.
- Bingo!
He wants to keep his pub,
he's gonna start blowing some kicks.
I'm telling you, that's him.
All right!
Set!
It's straight enough.
It's got the distance.
It has the distance!
It's good! Washington wins!
65-yard field goal attempt
is good by Nigel Gruff!
Final score: Washington 17, San Diego 16.
Yeah!
- You the man! You the man!
- Bollocks!
Come here!
Sorry, mate. Sorry. Excuse me.
All right. Good game.
We snuck by on that one.
- I'll take it.
- All right.
I'll take it. Congrats.
- What do you think about the new team?
- What do I think? I think it's great.
You know, these guys are like us, you know?
This strike ain't about guys like me.
It's about them hotshot superstars
who want $8 million instead of 7.
You know what I say to that?
To hell with them!
This is the most fun I've had
in football in years. Go Falco!
- Yeah!
- Hey!
- All right. Let's go, baby, let's go!
- I love you, Annabelle.
- I know you do, Alan. We're closed.
Oh, hey.
- No, you can come in.
- Come on in, buddy!
You go.
Out, out, out, out!
You're Shane Falco!
Way to go, Falco. You guys kicked ass.
- Thanks.
- Out!
- Way to go.
- All right, see you. Bye! Take care.
Hi.
You sure it's okay? I don't want to
get you in trouble with your boss.
Oh, no. She won't mind.
- Come on in. You want a beer?
- Sure.
So, we were so tight.
We had so much fun in here.
Since I was 5 years old,
I've been sitting on those stools.
And then, after he died, I took over.
Is that you and him?
Yeah.
He was the biggest Washington fan
you have ever seen.
Other kids were getting bedtime stories,
I got football stories.
He used to talk all the time
about the glory days -
Thank you. - of football.
Said how they were gone forever.
I wish he was here to see you guys play.
- I don't know about that.
- I do.
- Good game today.
- Thanks.
It's late.
Yeah, yeah.
- Us babies need our rest.
- Yeah, you do.
I'm sorry about that. You know,
between the guys on the field
and the guys in the bar,
a girl's gotta keep her guard up.
- Yeah, l imagine.
- Yeah.
You coming to the game on Sunday?
Nah, we don't travel with the team.
Well, can I see you when I get back?
Sure.
Good night, Annabelle.
Good night.
♪ Oh, can't you see ♪
♪ You belong to me ♪
♪ How my poor heart aches ♪
♪ With every step you take ♪
♪ Every move you make ♪
♪ And every vow you break ♪
- What do you do here, John?
- You go for it, Pat. You have to.
But Falco's been shut down
by this defense all afternoon.
Yeah, well, I'll tell you this. All it takes is one
big play to get him back in the ball game.
And here goes Falco.
Falco!
Falco scores! Falco scores!
Yeah!
Now here's Falco, and he's gonna try and
reverse pivot and turn and pitch out here.
But in doing so, his left guard,
André Jackson, is going to pull,
and Falco is going to hit him
with the ball right in the back.
Doink! Then it's going to flop
around on the ground here.
Here's gonna come Cochran,
he's gonna come across,
he's gonna kick it,
Franklin's gonna pick it up.
Franklin's gonna get hit right here.
Frap! The ball's gonna go flying in the air,
and then here comes Falco,
he's gonna pick it up,
and the guy who started the play, Falco,
is going to end up with it
in the end zone for a touchdown!
- Welcome to strike football.
- And the fabulous Falco.
If they can win next week against Dallas,
they'll do something that Washington
has not been able to do in over 7 years.
Get to the playoffs.
Come on.
Pass incomplete.
Shit!
- Call time out! Time out!
- Time out, time out, time out!
- Time out, Washington.
- Shake it off.
Franklin, come here, come here, come here.
Come on, come on, come on.
- I thought I had it and then the ball--
- Hey, shut up! Give me the Stick'em.
Damn.
- Coach, ain't that stuff illegal?
- What are they gonna do, put you in football jail?
Now, you know this don't look natural.
You know it, don't you?
Don't talk! We're gonna run the same play.
Do you hear me? You're gonna catch the ball.
- Coach, I look like I just jacked off an elephant.
- Hey, say you understand!
I understand.
Okay. Now, go out there and catch
a ball for a change, all right?
- All right.
- All right? Come on, let's go!
Damn, this cup is stuck!
- Gonna need some time on this one.
- You got it.
Here we go. Same play.
Pro right switch 9--
Franklin! Franklin!
- Franklin!
- Shane, I can't get the damn cup off!
- You can do this.
- Okay.
It's on 1, on 1, ready?
Ready!
Blue 89!
Blue 89! Hut!
Franklin catches the ball!
Who would have thought?
He never catches the ball.
- But he caught the ball!
- That makes the score 21 to 20.
Now, conventional wisdom says
kick the extra point, tie the game,
and go into overtime, especially
with the playoffs on the line.
But Jimmy McGinty is anything
but a conventional guy, Pat.
- And McGinty says, "Go for it."
- Let's go for the win!
Yeah!
I need a receiver! l need a receiver!
4-22 Y cross, okay?
We gotta have it! Gotta have it!
Ready? Go! Ready! Hut!
And this kind of situation has not been
Falco's strong point in the past.
Falco rolls to his left and throws.
Right into the defender's hands!
And he drops it right into the
unsure hands of Clifford Franklin.
Washington wins.
What a lucky break for Shane Falco,
who threw a bad pass
that could have blown
the game for Washington.
Get over it, all right? It's a win.
Better lucky than good?
Right.
# Olé, olé, olé, olé #
Shane Falco.
- Great game out there today.
- Thanks.
To what do you attribute this team's
sudden rise over these past few weeks?
You know, you should talk to Franklin here.
He's the hero today.
Clifford Franklin, terrific day today.
Yeah, yeah. Today was a good day
for Clifford Franklin.
And Clifford Franklin can't wait till tomorrow.
You know, Clifford Franklin gets
better looking every day.
You know, we really are just beginning to scratch
the surface of the talent of Clifford Franklin.
Clifford Franklin has moves
even Clifford Franklin ain't seen yet.
Right. Well, you did show us a few of
those moves today against Phoenix,
but it could be a different story
against Dallas next week.
Oh, that's really the same story,
different chapter, girl!
Yuu see, the football is like
a one-man cold to Clifford Franklin.
Clifford Franklin's only one catching it.
Clifford Franklin's the only one
coming down with it.
# Olé, olé, olé, olé #
Hey, cheers, babe.
I think we got it.
To victory!
Feels good, doesn't it, Jimmy?
One game away from the playoffs?
In the hunt? That ring so close,
you can almost feel it on your finger.
- What are you up to?
- What?
I can't get excited about the future
of my team? Huh?
Okay, okay, I got some great news.
Martel and Carr have crossed
the picket line.
With the deal I made them swallow,
I can't afford now not to take them back.
No.
No what?
I'm sticking with Falco.
Jimmy, come on.
You read the newspaper?
The entire Dallas team
has crossed the picket line.
Thanksgiving night,
we play the world champions.
We have a deal.
No interference with my coaching.
As long as the strike is on,
Shane Falco is my quarterback.
We have to beat Dallas
to get into the playoffs.
Falco can't do that. You saw
what happened out there yesterday.
Jesus Christ!
What? Do you think he's gonna have
that luck against Dallas, too?
- They'll murder him.
- He's just getting his game back!
He falls apart whenever
the game is on the line.
That's been his rap
ever since the Sugar Bowl.
Remember, there are 21 other guys
who put their faith in you to lead them.
And they'd be heartbroken, if you abandoned
them before the biggest game of their lives.
You really are a son of a bitch,
you know that?
What are you doing here?
I don't want to make the same mistake
I did in Phoenix.
Look, kid...
We might end up in that situation with Dallas.
They like to send their safeties.
Put the pressure on.
- Shane...
- Yeah, coach?
It's over.
Martel crossed.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
"Chokes with the game on the line."
Is that what O'Neil said?
It's okay.
It's better for the team, right?
I mean, Martel...
He is the best. The guy's got it all.
No.
He doesn't have heart.
You do.
It's been a privilege.
Thanks for believing.
You give them hell on Thursday, huh?
- Hey.
I just wanted to tell you before you left...
... that I'm sorry.
- Thanks.
- No, really.
I think it's terrible what they do to you guys.
They make you believe that
you're better than you really are,
and then they just pull the rug
right out from under you.
The cruelest thing they can
give guys like you, Shane...
...is hope.
You're a real class act, Martel.
A real class act.
She deserves better.
You're a sinking ship, Shane.
Don't drag her down with you.
Take care of my guys, huh?
- Come on, boys, let's go!
- Hey, hey, hey, hey!
- Nothing but water left in here. Let's go, let's go.
- It's early.
I have a date.
- But I love you, Annabelle.
- I know you do, Alan, I know.
Bye, you guys! Be careful!
# Olé, olé, olé, olé #
Right, have a look at this.
Here he is!
Ladies and gentlemen,
number 16 in your programs,
number one in your hearts,
Shane Falco!
Falco!
Cheers, mate. God bless you.
- Cheers.
Are you all right?
- I'm done, Nigel.
- What?
- Martel crossed.
- Bloody hell.
When are you gonna tell the guys?
- I don't know. I don't want to ruin--
- No, no, wait.
- Nigel. Nigel.
- Cut that music! Cut it!
Turn the music off! Cut it! Cut it!
Shane's got something to tell you.
I've got good news.
This Thursday, you're going to be playing
with the best quarterback in the league.
Damn right!
Martel.
He crossed.
Martel crossed.
So...
While you guys are getting
pounded by Dallas...
Just kidding.
...I'm going to be drinking beer on my boat.
Kicking back.
Sentinels...
Raise your glasses.
This is to Shane Falco.
He's our quarterback, he's our leader,
but most of all, he's our friend.
This is for you, man.
- To Falco!
Thanks.
It's been fun.
♪ Did you ever feel the pain ♪
♪ That he felt upon the cross ♪
♪ Did you ever feel the knife ♪
♪ Tearing flesh that's all so soft ♪
♪ Did you ever touch the night ♪
♪ Did you ever count the cost ♪
♪ Do you hide away the fear ♪
♪ Put down Paradise as lost ♪
♪ Are you blinded by rainbows ♪
♪ Watching the wind blow ♪
♪ Blinded by rainbows ♪
♪ Do you dream at night ♪
♪ Do you sleep at night ♪
♪ I doubt it ♪♪
Welcome back to Nextel stadium
in our nation's capital.
I'm Pat Summerall and with me
as always is John Madden.
John, it appears that the strike
is coming to a close.
Eddie Martel will be resuming
the starting quarterback position tonight.
Yeah, but I gotta admit,
I was really looking forward to seeing
what Falco could do with one more game.
Because he made amazing
progress the past few weeks
under the tutelage of head coach,
Jimmy McGinty.
He really did, but tonight it'll be Martel
leading Washington against Dallas.
You know, Pat, I never thought I'd say this, but...
I kind of miss those replacement games.
Bring back Falco!
Ladies and gentlemen,
leading the Washington Sentinels today,
welcome back number 7, Eddie Martel!
Go on, boys!
Red 21!
Hut!
Come on, Martel. Get moving, get moving!
Maybe you should try scrambling.
That's brilliant. How about a quick kick?
2 minutes, 59 seconds left in the first quarter.
Red 38!
- Red 38!
- Hey, Butler.
Buddy.
- Red 38!
- Hey, man.
If it ain't too much trouble, I would love
to get your autograph after the game.
You want it? You got it, scab!
- All right.
- Hut!
Cochran fumbles the ball, Dallas recovers.
First down and goal on the 2 yard line.
Hawk 9 stay!
Bateman! Hawk 9 stay.
I'm back!
Touchdown, Dallas.
They're quitting on you.
They're quitting on you!
Ready! Gold 41!
Gold 41! Hut!
Pass intended for Brian Murphy incomplete.
Throw right, you're going left. Right.
Right. Right, right, right. Right.
You went left. I want you to go right!
No, no, no, no! Right, right!
90 tiger right, you idiot!
Hey, hey, hey! Easy!
Brian Murphy fumbles the ball,
Dallas recovers.
- Nice hands.
- 3-2 magic, rack 0.
What the hell was that about?
Defense!
Touchdown, Dallas.
Gruff, wake up, okay?
What the...?
Pass incomplete by Eddie Martel.
What the hell was that?
Hey, I'm talking to you!
I call the plays out on the field, not you.
- That's not the way I coach.
- I don't give a shit,
'cause that's the way I play.
That's the end of the first half
with the score Dallas 17, Washington 0.
Coach McGinty, what will Washington
need to get back into this ball game?
- Heart.
- I'm sorry?
You gotta have heart.
Can you elaborate on that?
Miles and miles of heart.
Well, there you have it
in a word from coach McGinty.
Washington will need heart
to get back into this--
I ran it just like you said!
You just under-threw me!
This isn't a track meet, asshole.
You have to look for the ball!
Hey, hey, hey! I'll pull you off the field,
you spoiled little punk.
And who do you think
O'neil's going to side with, huh?
Some burnt-out old coach or
someone who puts fans in the stands?
- Son of a bitch!
- Hey, come on!
What the hell are you thinking about?
We got a game to play.
- Nobody could beat Dallas with these losers.
- I can.
Hey, Falco, it's great to see you.
Now get the hell out of my locker room!
- Coach?
- What the hell took you so long?
Traffic.
- Suit up!
- What?
What?!
- O'neil will fire your ass!
- It won't be the first time!
This is bullshit!
I'm gonna put an end to this right now.
Come and get some!
You big fairy.
This doesn't change anything, Falco.
I'm an All-Pro quarterback.
I got 2 Super Bowl rings.
And you'll never be more
than a replacement player.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can live with that.
All right.
My brothers, will somebody please,
please get this asshole out of here?
- See ya!
- Take your hands off me, you gorilla!
Hey, hey!
Jimmy McGinty is anything
but a conventional guy, Pat.
And Mcginty says,
with the playoffs on the line,
"Go for it. Get to the playoffs."
Something that Washington has not been
able to do against Dallas in over 7 years.
Falco?
What in the hell is he up to?
Look, Pat, here comes Falco!
Falco's back!
What happened to Martel?
I don't know, but the way
Falco's running there,
and that look he has in his eye,
he thinks he's gonna play.
I'm sorry.
They're playing zone out there,
and I think you can pick them apart,
If you just keep your eyes open
for your secondary--
Hey, he seems to be necking
with that cheerleader!
That's what he's doing!
Players are not supposed to be fraternizing
with the cheerleaders, you know that.
Yeah, but what are they gonna do, Pat?
Fire him?
- You give me strength.
- You're late for work.
Kick ass, Falco!
What's all the celebrating about here?
We're down 17 to nothing.
Falco, it's nasty out there.
- That's why girls don't play the game, coach.
- There you go.
Listen up. This time tomorrow,
the strike will be officially over.
Now, Dallas has made a big
mistake out there tonight.
They haven't been afraid of you,
and they should be,
because you have a powerful
weapon working for you.
There is no tomorrow for you.
And that makes you all
very dangerous people!
Kick ass on 1. Ready!
Ready!
Clifford Franklin is looking for a new home.
Are you ready for some pain, Footsteps?
- Bring it on.
- Oh, yeah. It's coming.
It's coming.
That's going to be illegal.
You see him coming in motion?
I've never seen anything like this!
That's unbelievable.
There's at least 5, 6 flags out there,
there's hats, everything.
This is what you'd call
an old-fashioned melee.
Unnecessary roughness,
number 16 and number 34,
15 yards. So, that's... wait.
45... 30...
How many yards so far?
Who do they think they're playing here?
Come on, let's go! Come on!
Oh, my knee! Oh! It's my knee!
It's my knee, man. I think I broke it.
Oh, god!
Did I do it? Did I score?
- Yeah, you did it.
- Oh, this hurts! Oh, this hurts!
I'm sorry.
Oh, don't be sorry, man. Going out
in front of 80,000 people ain't bad, huh?
- You finish what you started, Shane.
- Yeah.
White 24! Hut!
Yeah!
All day, baby, all day!
Blue 15! Hut, hut!
First down, Washington.
- Good job.
- I got skills, baby.
- Hey, Danny, feel like running the ball?
- You better give it to Wilkinson.
He's going to jail.
- I'll clear the way.
- I'm right behind you.
- All right.
- We need it! We need it!
Sweet!
A gain of 20 yards by Ray Smith.
First down.
I know you're tired, I know you're hurting,
and I wish I could say something
that was classy and inspirational.
But that just wouldn't be our style.
Pain heals.
Chicks dig scars.
Glory lasts forever.
Right on, Shane.
Right on, baby. Right on!
Shotgun, D.C. right,
flip 90 dig, on the center,
on the center, ready?
Ready! Hut!
I'm telling you, John, we're looking at
a different team here in the second half.
Absolutely, Pat. Washington is playing
like there's no tomorrow,
because, hey, there isn't.
- Touchdown, baby!
- Son of a bitch!
Odd bullets, blitz coverage.
- Pick him up.
- I got him, I got him.
That's it! Go in and hit him!
And Daniel Bateman comes up
with a big stop on third and one,
and that forces a Dallas punt.
You know, Pat, with 28 seconds remaining now,
Washington needs a decent return here,
in order to give Gruff a shot to tie the game.
And with 12 seconds remaining...
- It's yours, Nigel. All the way.
- ...the sentinels will try a 32-yard field goal...
...to send this game into overtime.
32 yards is just a chip shot for Gruff.
# Olé, olé, olé, olé #
Nigel.
Nigel, are you all right?
I'm sorry.
I had the money, but I pissed it
all away down at the track again.
What? What are you talking about?
They're gonna take my pub away from me.
It's all I got, Shane.
Come on, Shane!
# Olé, olé, olé, olé #
Hey, it's a fake. Falco still has it.
Look at this Pat. He's running with it!
Touchdown, Falco!
From Shane Falco.
Holding, number 68 on the offense.
- 10-yard penalty. Repeat first down.
- Come on!
- Terrible call! Open your eyes!
- Time out, time out!
- Time out, Washington.
- No touchdown.
- You okay?
- I broke my arm.
Cheers, Shane, you saved my ass.
Take care.
Someday you'll have to explain to me
what the hell that was all about.
What's it gonna be, Shane?
I want the ball.
Winners always do.
- Spread formation.
- All right, let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
Damn!
Sorry, Shane. Sorry, everybody.
No problem, Jumbo. Just make sure
you rip someone's head off on this one.
Consider it done.
All right. So, besides me,
who really wants the ball?
Yeah. You want it, Brian.
Let's hook up. D.C. left,
Y motion, 88 warrior.
Gentlemen...
It's been an honor to share the field
of battle with you. It's on 1, on 1. Ready!
We ain't losing this game.
Green 86!
Hut!
-Yeah!
- Touchdown, Brian Murphy.
Oh, I knew it! I knew it all along!
Oh, Jimmy, you beautiful son of a bitch,
I knew you could do it!
Final score: Washington, 20 - Dallas, 17.
Washington goes to the playoffs!
♪ I wish you could swim ♪
♪ Like the dolphins ♪
♪ Like dolphins can swim ♪
♪ For nothing ♪
♪ Nothing will keep us together ♪
♪ We can be better ♪
♪ Forever and ever ♪
♪ We can be heroes ♪
♪ Just for one day ♪
♪ Well, I ♪
♪ I will be king ♪
♪ And you ♪
♪ You will be queen ♪
♪ For nothing ♪
♪ Nothing will drive them away ♪
♪ We can be heroes ♪
When the replacement players for the
Washington Sentinels left the stadium that day,
there was no ticker-tape parade,
no endorsement deals for sneakers
or soda pop or breakfast cereal.
Just a locker to be cleaned out
and a ride home to catch.
But what they didn't know
was that their lives would be changed forever.
Because they had been part
of something great,
and greatness, no matter how brief,
stays with a man.
Every athlete dreams of a second chance.
These men lived it.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org